Objective
The purpose of the site is 
1) to allow our customers to see the restaurant history 
2) to know the locations that are near to them. 
3) the customers can see the picture for the product through the website. 
4) The customers can put their feedback about the restaurant such as problems or suggestions.   

Preliquistes
- Delicious burger is a fast food restaurant that provides all kinds of product such as beef and chicken burgers, fries, 
    drinks and desserts. 
- It has a several branches around UAE. It has 24 hours for delivery to any places inside UAE. 
- We accept only paying on cash, also the order will not deliver if it less than 25 Dhs. 
- We have only one language in the site.

Audience
The site will be designed for all ages that can see the menu and know the nearest location of the restaurant 
and they can order by using our contact number. 
The site will be designed in English. 

bare minimum
index page 
    -Impact statement
    -Three main points of emphasis
        -comment
        -Our services or Products
        -Featured product 
        -Promotion

about - History
product - Check out hardees Products
promotion - Maybe include delivery
contact us - ?
locations - All places in the UAE
header - Contains the main menu
footer - Contains the menu + copyright and such stuff
Requirements
a. Layout: The website layout must be created using HTML5 structure tags and CSS rules as per your plan 
b. Navigation: Create all the required pages as per your plan with and a fully working navigation system.  
c. Images: A minimum of 6 images must be used in the website for the content (this does not include banner and navigation images). 
    Images should be clear and not distorted. 
    All images must have alt property set.
d. Content: your website should have sufficient text content formatted as headings, paragraphs, lists etc. 
    You must also use external links, email links and internal links.
e. Form: You form should be user friendly with appropriate fields.
g. Design: Apply CARP principles and use best practices to design your website with all the required elements 
    (refer to marking scheme to see what is required). 




Documentation
Will include
Demonstration of website functionality 
– Navigation, 
Links, 
Form, 
validation, 
navigation, 
browser compatibility test
-microsoft edge does not support css grids
-internet explorer will never

test - made mobile first and then then desktop
@font face support 92% of browsers
